Deprecate-JPS-Base-Lib: Empty the directory and leave a note (#1469)
cambridge-cares/TheWorldAvatar: JPS_BASE_LIB/README.md

# The JPS Base Lib is no more

> The artist formerly known as JPS_BASE_LIB has been absorbed by [The World Avatar](https://github.com/TheWorldAvatar/BaseLib).

Reviewer: I think "absorbed" is a bit misleading here as the code is becoming less of a part of something rather than more.
```suggestion
The artist formerly known as JPS_BASE_LIB has been moved to its own repository within [The World Avatar](https://github.com/TheWorldAvatar/BaseLib).
```
